fractured ribs. woke up this morning laying in the grass. hurts to breathe/this life of mine
no babe i love your beautiful bicameral mind
enveloping someone else like a deep fog
people act like getting laid off is this horrible thing. have you seen these jeans it’s going to be okay.
the second you post a picture of a movie theatre screen the device in your chest should be detonated
always cool when you go to someone’s apartment and can tell they steal toilet paper from metrograph as well
sharp pain in heart. you’re still with me. that’s good
playing sun kil moon on a small portable bluetooth speaker and cuddling it
if i can get a bullseye off her face on ethnoguessr she’s not my little shyt
if i bite the hand im licking it too
it has been the honor of my life liking pictures of you on social media. as well as subsequently direct messaging you
she asked me who i’m laying next to when i dream at night. i told her when i dream at night im drinking an ice cold pacifico i bought from the elder ecuadorian ladies at grover cleveland
biking home blackout or. how i learned to stop worrying and love the hole in my new jacket.
your beautiful general indifference
oh, the knife. you’re twisting it now. alright.
apparently i’m receiving eternal joy next week. i can barely sleep
she tells me to get home safe as if i know any other way
i know you’re tired. well i’m tired too
you could come over but I’d rather just drink fernet and imagine you naked
i smoke so many cigarettes. i make so many mistakes
i’m carrying a few extra pounds. that’s okay
your beautiful seductive  nothing
asking the cute girl in AA if she wants to get a drink once the meeting ends
ever since i was young i knew i wanted to be inside of your phone
i’m a good kid. i’m a good guy. i have a system
you’re every first down to me
guy who uses sex to express every emotion besides love
on a boat together. we’ve gotten used to the rocking. the bed is obviously stiff.
remembered i’m too old to be groomed now. hurts
i need help with a hungarian problem. it will require a feminine touch, but not necessarily a woman’s.
snow days are important because they teach children the power and importance of prayer
the issue with texas is that there isn’t really anyone that you’d want to kill yourself in front of. youve got to settle
i approach romance and fantasy football with identical detached disillusion
i really don’t even like having sex
My flaws define me. Long after I’m dead, even if I never accomplish anything of note, society will remember my flaws #MyFlawsDefineMe
i understand that the deli area of the grocery store can be an intimidating place. but you’re with me, it’s safe now
let’s play weed and smoke fifa
collected this pile of sticks and branches and have no idea why
feels good as hell to walk around with your dry cleaning. yeah i’ve got it all together. not going to drink for the 6th night in a row.
i just realized that it’s never going to be like this again
bet her new man never seen cirque de soleil though
i love what’re you up to tonight
i love watching another species’ rat race and forgetting about mine
at the minimalist party doing close to nothing
mecano on the speaker  fernet branca ordered delivery prowling whatsapp stories  latin as fuck
going back to their place after a few drinks and losing the plot while you take in all of their things. memorizing the books, posters. the  grain of the wooden floor
take some bath salts just to eat someone’s face off
walking 2 hours to get ramen in light rain drinking an asahi losing a game of pool and slipping into eternal slumber
the franck ribery kit stays on during sunday mass
you understand this is what you were made for right
i’ve made some of the worst decisions of my life at a “diner”. both interpersonal and financial
i yearn to laugh at the big joke
go to work vote break up fourth of july die
love taught me how to walk, it taught me how to talk, but it never taught me how to vote
it’s important to keep valuable items in your pockets because you get to keep those in the afterlife. incase of random death
sometimes you have to look at yourself in the bar’s bathroom mirror and think about every bad thing you’ve done to someone else this year
private room karaoke is more fun because everyone can touch each other
i’ve got some weird kind of growing disease. i feel like im still growing sometimes, if i really stand up straight. i just go, fucking hell, i didn’t used to be that tall.
when you start to see her face in your super pollo rice and beans
i am looking to pay someone to be a sort of Madonna like figure in my life. not the pop star though, like a pieta
going to be where i usually am if anyone wants to invite spontaneity into our lives
the futile pursuit of a worthwhile sunday . i guess i could always spend $200
im actually a beautiful girl
i need to hire a woman to find things on the internet for me. that skill is not in my arsenal
giving her everything you have probably feels good
just glad i’m seeing the patterns in the woodgrain again
what if u go on a date with a chick and she takes you back to her place you walk in her room and she just got the ark of the covenant in there
third day off work due to illness. my bones are weak but my lust for the perfect brooklyn meal under $20 has never been stronger. get in touch, let’s work together.
they call it love. i also call it love
telling the waitress you’d follow her into war then ignoring her recommendations
have you considered that i’ll come running to tie your shoe
having an apology accepted is the most fun a man can have without taking his clothes off
God has a special providence for fools, drunks, and girls at a pool table
we’ll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go i guess
thank you for falling in love with me for the duration of this L train commute
is it supposed to feel this good when you let it fester
i thank the ushers at the museum before leaving each room. i give them all a tip.
feeling it slip through my fingers this morning
is it cool if i wash your hair later
ive really enjoyed watching this couple make out at the bar tonight
received a sora invite code. can’t stop generating videos of myself smiling
first prize at trivia tonight is The One … locking in
I might let the anger take over later today. or i might go on a walk
i wish the grains of sand were bigger. then maybe they wouldn’t slip through my fingers
went to go see One Battle After Another tonight with the 3d model of you in my head, constructed by the amalgamation of all our experiences together
on my way to make things right with the albanian mobster i owe penance to
if you ever see me in the gym just know the pain has reached levels that i would consider intolerable
last night i lay in my bed and everything in my field of vision began to dim. for a second i really thought i was dying. but i was just falling asleep
you can wear me on your wrist and i’ll tell you things. ten thousand times
just injected what i believe is a crushed butterfly into my veins. almost euphoric, will update
i am a foreign bureaucrat, looking to fall into foreign, bureaucratic love
great. just what i needed. a tumor in my head.
your life isn’t worthless bro we could definitely assign it a value
I’m boring baby. All I do is make money and come home.
i can see it in your eyes, you’ve been cherishing moments with other people huh
when you’ve been talking to the wraith who’s appeared in your room at 3 am and realize he’s sort of dominating the conversation
people think missing the train is a fact of life, but it’s not. life is better than that
please stop expressing yourself. please
We have a whole life left to live together. But it won’t start until you dm me on Twitter
if you’re not at someone’s birthday party tonight you might as well just kill yourself
if the news ever gets you too down you know you can always text me right
we get it bro you cried infront of the rothko
nothing particularly  meaningful to say tonight. as you were
just going to pick a fight with the biggest tweaker i see tonight i need this all to be ended by a hand other than my own
baby the voice you hear screaming at you is not me. i’m the ringing  in your ears afterwards
what do you mean you have bad handwriting. you’re 25
third base is telling the truth
i would like to put you in my living room. i would be 15 feet away in the kitchen. and then i would join you
sitting on the bench that makes you Remember
speaking on the train is uncouth. speaking in general honestly
i’d like to  hang out during the daytime again. and touch each others knees
i love sitting outside, thinking about the past, and giving myself cancer. preferably all at the same time
ive built intricate systems the likes of which you would never believe
i think im going to waste my time on you forever
the pattern feels good as hell this morning
4 sets of honesty. 4 sets of love
when you touch me can you try to make it feel as if you weren’t touching me. or better yet could you just not touch me at all. i really just need you to not touch me right now
will just wait on the park bench. could wait a few years
oh you’re letting go. all good, just try not to let me leave claw marks on your way out
its not normal to sit outside someone’s apartment all night. and yet
i promise this time we will be perfect
“imagine if the roles were reversed”  i’d rather imagine her sitting next to me
realizing the way i think about money is deeply flawed. also intimacy
had a beautiful day, and now it’s over. the only thing left for me to do now is think about it
going to go to my favorite restaurant by myself today. and then i’m going to break the pattern
Grok make her love me like it’s her first time
cant hang tonight bro i’ve got patterns to fall into
anyone bored  and want to put cigarettes out on each other
jomo. joy of missing out
the lack of grace in your actions offends my sensibilities bro
if i was a  girl i would’ve killed myself 5 years ago. they’re so strong, and im
i never put on sunscreen so i’ll probably get skin cancer. i smoke tons of cigarettes so ill probably get lung cancer. im honest and temperamental so you’re probably going to shatter me
randomly thought  of walking home, covered in sweat and a little blood, into the arms of a kind girl who would then tell me that my backhand is improving
i’m just the doctor. i didn’t make the needle sharp
when you wake up and are immediately impaled by the spear
you kind of look like if all the light in the world had gotten together and arranged itself into the shape of a face
i wish i had no shame. i actually have a lot of shame
assisted suicide consultation in quebec this morning . no one talks about how expensive federal death chambers have become in post tariff canada
i don’t smoke. i save my lungs for the air she breathes.
dreamt about her again award
2 months now and she still hasn’t found the microphone I bugged her apartment with in order to listen to her sleep at night
i’m starting to think the mother of my children will not be on X, the everything app
if i was in love i would quit my job. if i was in love i would always properly recycle. i would also vote, all of the time. even municipal elections. and i would be in love
you can’t be eating meat with those micro bangs shorty
I’ve gotten a lot better at shattering. I can keep it to 4-5 pieces now. Like a terracotta pot